Okay,
guys,
welcome back.
Now,
to leave this file intact,
I'm just gonna create a copy of this simple database.
Eso You'll have multiple tabs when you download the file.
So I'm just gonna right quick.
I'm sorry.
That's off shot,
but I'm gonna choose,
Move or copy.
Andi,
I am going to create a copy of this sheet and inserted before the HR file,
which is this one here.
So it's just going to drop in between this tab on this tab and hit,
OK?
And I'm gonna leave that named as simple database to.
So what we're gonna do is we've already ported all the data room from this data file in our
simple database.
Now what we're gonna do is add the data from the department structure file.
So simple database number two.
Now,
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna copy these two hellions by hitting control and see flipping
back to a database.
And again,
I'm just gonna transpose that in there.
So now I have department and job title.
Well,
sort the format in a in a bit.
We're just going to do a straight V look up so equals for you.
Look up open brackets.
We're going to reference this cell because we're going to drag the formula down.
We want to make that an absolute cell reference by hitting F four.
Then we're then gonna hit comma and then we're gonna appoint toe are new data source with
which is this department structure now a game?
Because our employee numbers in the first column,
the first column we're gonna select is a We're going to move over to souls.
So we capture column two and three and then just go down to the bottom hit comma hit to
because we want to read the department Comma and false because we want to return an exact
match on hit.
Enter Soleil.
Go.
Department is customer services.
Just drag that down on change.
This column 23 So they go nowhere.
Pulling the were falling.
All of this data from our first tab on We're pulling this new data.
Even though we're looking up from the same cell,
we're pulling this data from the department structure,
so let's just pretty that up a bit.
So I'm just gonna copied the format in on here,
pasted over here.
We need to copy the formatting on this to this.
Okay,
so now we can put these over here.
Perhaps I'm just gonna highlight department and customer services on click in the thick bar
,
left click on D.
Drag over and just auto size those.
So now we have department Christmas services on move those over to their job title till he
sells operative.
Let's just delete.
That's tied it up.
Delete.
So they go.
No,
we still have a simple database on.
We're still looking at this cell,
but this this this Andi,
these are pulling from one data source The HR file on these are pulling from a completely
different data source.
The department structure,
but still reference in there.
Cell appear now in the next,
like to what we're gonna do is have a look.
A port in the data in from the addresses tab on.
You'll notice something unusual that the addresses tap,
which has been done deliberately,
is that we are currently looking at the employee number,
which is this one just here.
But in the addresses tab,
we don't have an employee number toe look up from Okay,
so So you in the next lecture